Triple? Are you kidding me?
I'm not kidding about serious business
I'll look forward to it, then.
You can sit in the office with peace of mind
I won't give it to you within a month.
I don't know if what he said is true
But his looks and character are better than Xiao Lingtian's
Why don't you even talk to him?
Bah bah bah
What are you thinking?
Shangguan Yarong
Shangguan Yarou's favorability has increased by 20.
Currently 40
It's all good
Boss National Multinational Group
It has already cooperated with us online.
We invested in each other too deeply Martin
In just one month
The market value of our group
It has been integrated into ten farmers.
There is also Shengguan Group
It's easy this time
Brother, with the strength of our current dynasty group
And Xiao Jiajun
hand over hand